```{=latex}
\begin{columns}[t]
\begin{column}{0.3\textwidth}
```

# Introduction

Your text with scientific results or something\... Your text with
scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... [@folk_floratraiter_2023]

$\hat H \Psi = E \Psi$ Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\...

$$H = \sum_{i=1}^{N} h_{D}(i) + \sum_{j>i=1}^{N} C_{ij}$$

Your text with scientific results or something\... Your text with
scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\...

Proposals to retain type specimen material in country of origin [@mosyakin_091092_2021] ...

# Result and discussions

Your text with scientific results or something\... Your text with
scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... 

| Syntax | Description |
| --- | ----------- |
| Header | Title |
| Paragraph | Text |

Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... 

```{=latex}
\end{column}
\begin{column}{0.3\textwidth}
```

Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\...



## SubSection

Your text with scientific results or something\... Your text with
scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\...


```{=latex}
\begin{center} 
\includegraphics[width=0.85\linewidth]{figure_1.png}\\
\captionof{figure}{Lets see}\label{pinki}
\end{center} 
```

```{=latex}
\end{column}
\begin{column}{0.3\textwidth}
```

Your text with scientific results or something\... Your text with
scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\...


# Summary and conclusions

Your text with scientific results or something\... Your text with
scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\...

Your text with scientific results or something\... Your text with
scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\... Your text with scientific results or
something\... Your text with scientific results or something\... Your
text with scientific results or something\... Your text with scientific
results or something\...

```{=latex}
\section{References}\label{references}
```
